Sabrent 4 Port USB 2 0 Hub Review - http://informationmag.net/sabrent4port
- Check out if this USB hub is for you.
Add up to 4 peripherals swiftly and effortlessly
with the Sabrent HB-UMLS USB 2.0 Hub.
Especially wonderful for notebooks which come
with only a few ports in a time when you need
to connect several USB tools instantly, such
as a printer, card reader, cell phone, iPod,
thumb drive, computer mouse, keyboard, or
an external hard drive.
Accomplish full 480 Mbps on each harbor, or
daisy chain a number of hubs to a max of 127
tools.
Fully backwards suitable with the USB 1.1
products
Sabrent 4 Port USB 2 0 Hub Review
Components:.
Blue LED to show power standing for each and
every harbor.
Data transfer speeds up
to 480 Mbps.
Four downstream harbors sustain high-speed
(480Mbps), full-speed (12Mbps), and low-speed
(1.5 Mbps).
Supports approximately 127 devices by daisy-chaining
several hubs.
Some power-intense USB tools might require
a AC-Powered USB center.
System needs:.
Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows
8.
Mac OS X or above.
Exactly what's in the box?:.
4-port USB 2.0 hub.
Subscribe to our channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/NewGadgetReviewer
http://youtu.be/Yg1AQw7YPjI